docs/denovm/configuration.md, before:

---
title: DenoVM Configuration
description: Configuration options for DenoVM library
---

# Configuration

| Property | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `deno.vm.enabled` | `false` | Enable DenoVM service (required) |
| `deno.vm.pool-enabled` | `true` | Worker pool mode (false = single-run per request) |
| `deno.vm.pool-size` | `1` | Number of persistent workers |
| `deno.vm.worker-concurrency` | `2` | Max concurrent tasks per worker |
| `deno.vm.timeout-seconds` | `15` | Execution timeout per request (seconds) |
| `deno.vm.pool-max-tasks-per-worker` | `1000` | Auto-recycle worker after N tasks (0 = disabled) |
| `deno.vm.pool-idle-kill-seconds` | `0` | Kill idle workers after N seconds (0 = disabled) |
| `deno.vm.pool-janitor-enabled` | `true` | Enable automatic cleanup of stale temp files |
| `deno.vm.pool-janitor-interval-seconds` | `60` | Janitor cleanup interval (seconds) |
| `deno.vm.pool-janitor-file-ttl-seconds` | `300` | Delete temp files older than N seconds |
| `deno.vm.v8-max-old-space-mb` | `32` | V8 heap size limit in MB |
| `deno.vm.executable` | `null` | Explicit path to Deno executable (auto-detected if not set) |

*Key properties:*
- `worker-concurrency`: Limits concurrent tasks per worker (prevents overload)
- `pool-max-tasks-per-worker`: Auto-recycles workers to prevent memory leaks
- `pool-idle-kill-seconds`: Terminates idle workers to save resources (set to 300+ for cost savings)

Commit message:

Add 'Dashboard' link to VitePress configuration and enhance Quick Start guides for DenoVM, Flow, and JWT with repository setup instructions and authentication details. Update configuration documentation to include setup notes for better user guidance.

docs/denovm/configuration.md, after:

---
title: DenoVM Configuration
description: Configuration options for DenoVM library
---

# Configuration

> **Note:** If you haven't set up the repository and dependency yet, please refer to the [Quick Start Guide](./quick-start.md) for Maven and Gradle setup instructions.

## Configuration Properties

| Property | Default | Description |
|----------|---------|-------------|
| `deno.vm.enabled` | `false` | Enable DenoVM service (required) |
| `deno.vm.pool-enabled` | `true` | Worker pool mode (false = single-run per request) |
| `deno.vm.pool-size` | `1` | Number of persistent workers |
| `deno.vm.worker-concurrency` | `2` | Max concurrent tasks per worker |
| `deno.vm.timeout-seconds` | `15` | Execution timeout per request (seconds) |
| `deno.vm.pool-max-tasks-per-worker` | `1000` | Auto-recycle worker after N tasks (0 = disabled) |
| `deno.vm.pool-idle-kill-seconds` | `0` | Kill idle workers after N seconds (0 = disabled) |
| `deno.vm.pool-janitor-enabled` | `true` | Enable automatic cleanup of stale temp files |
| `deno.vm.pool-janitor-interval-seconds` | `60` | Janitor cleanup interval (seconds) |
| `deno.vm.pool-janitor-file-ttl-seconds` | `300` | Delete temp files older than N seconds |
| `deno.vm.v8-max-old-space-mb` | `32` | V8 heap size limit in MB |
| `deno.vm.executable` | `null` | Explicit path to Deno executable (auto-detected if not set) |

*Key properties:*
- `worker-concurrency`: Limits concurrent tasks per worker (prevents overload)
- `pool-max-tasks-per-worker`: Auto-recycles workers to prevent memory leaks
- `pool-idle-kill-seconds`: Terminates idle workers to save resources (set to 300+ for cost savings)
