docs/flow/configuration.md, before:

---
title: Flow Configuration
description: Configuration options for Flow library
---

# Configuration

## Basic Configuration

```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    enabled: true  # Enable/disable the Flow module
    dashboard:
      enabled: true  # Enable/disable the dashboard (default: true)
      path: /fynxt-flow-dashboard  # Dashboard path (default: /fynxt-flow-dashboard)
      port: null  # Dashboard port - null = same port as application, or specify custom port
```

### Dashboard Configuration

The dashboard is **enabled by default** and runs on the **same port** as your application.

#### Default Behavior

- **Path**: `/fynxt-flow-dashboard` (default)
- **Port**: Same as application (no separate port)
- **CORS**: Automatically configured for all origins (localhost, ngrok, custom domains)
- **Security**: Automatically bypassed (no authentication required)

#### Custom Configuration Examples

**Same port, custom path:**
```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    dashboard:
      enabled: true
      path: /my-custom-dashboard
      port: null  # Uses application port
```

**Separate port (custom port):**
```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    dashboard:
      enabled: true
      path: /fynxt-flow-dashboard  # Default path
      port: 9000  # Custom port
```

**Disable dashboard:**
```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    dashboard:
      enabled: false
```

#### Security & CORS

The dashboard automatically:
- ✅ Configures CORS headers for all origins (`Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`)
- ✅ Bypasses Spring Security for dashboard paths and `/dashboard-action`
- ✅ Works with ngrok, custom domains, and localhost
- ✅ Handles asset requests (JS, CSS) with proper CORS headers

**Protected Paths:**
- `{dashboard.path}/**` - All dashboard resources (HTML, JS, CSS, assets)
- `/dashboard-action/**` - Dashboard API endpoints
- `/favicon.ico` - Favicon request

No additional security configuration needed!

## Entity Manager Configuration

IMPORTANT: You must include Flow entity packages in your EntityManagerFactory configuration:

```java
@Bean
public LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean entityManagerFactory() {
    LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean em = new LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean();
    em.setPackagesToScan(
        "your.entities",
        "fynxt.flowtype",
        "fynxt.flowaction",
        "fynxt.flowtarget",
        "fynxt.flowdefinition"
    );
    // ... other configuration
    return em;
}
```

Commit message:

Add 'Dashboard' link to VitePress configuration and enhance Quick Start guides for DenoVM, Flow, and JWT with repository setup instructions and authentication details. Update configuration documentation to include setup notes for better user guidance.

docs/flow/configuration.md, after:

---
title: Flow Configuration
description: Configuration options for Flow library
---

# Configuration

> **Note:** If you haven't set up the repository and dependency yet, please refer to the [Quick Start Guide](./quick-start.md) for Maven and Gradle setup instructions.

## Basic Configuration

```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    enabled: true  # Enable/disable the Flow module
    dashboard:
      enabled: true  # Enable/disable the dashboard (default: true)
      path: /fynxt-flow-dashboard  # Dashboard path (default: /fynxt-flow-dashboard)
      port: null  # Dashboard port - null = same port as application, or specify custom port
```

### Dashboard Configuration

The dashboard is **enabled by default** and runs on the **same port** as your application.

#### Default Behavior

- **Path**: `/fynxt-flow-dashboard` (default)
- **Port**: Same as application (no separate port)
- **CORS**: Automatically configured for all origins (localhost, ngrok, custom domains)
- **Security**: Automatically bypassed (no authentication required)

#### Custom Configuration Examples

**Same port, custom path:**
```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    dashboard:
      enabled: true
      path: /my-custom-dashboard
      port: null  # Uses application port
```

**Separate port (custom port):**
```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    dashboard:
      enabled: true
      path: /fynxt-flow-dashboard  # Default path
      port: 9000  # Custom port
```

**Disable dashboard:**
```yaml
fynxt:
  flow:
    dashboard:
      enabled: false
```

#### Security & CORS

The dashboard automatically:
- ✅ Configures CORS headers for all origins (`Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *`)
- ✅ Bypasses Spring Security for dashboard paths and `/dashboard-action`
- ✅ Works with ngrok, custom domains, and localhost
- ✅ Handles asset requests (JS, CSS) with proper CORS headers

**Protected Paths:**
- `{dashboard.path}/**` - All dashboard resources (HTML, JS, CSS, assets)
- `/dashboard-action/**` - Dashboard API endpoints
- `/favicon.ico` - Favicon request

No additional security configuration needed!

## Entity Manager Configuration

IMPORTANT: You must include Flow entity packages in your EntityManagerFactory configuration:

```java
@Bean
public LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean entityManagerFactory() {
    LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean em = new LocalContainerEntityManagerFactoryBean();
    em.setPackagesToScan(
        "your.entities",
        "fynxt.flowtype",
        "fynxt.flowaction",
        "fynxt.flowtarget",
        "fynxt.flowdefinition"
    );
    // ... other configuration
    return em;
}
```
